42
chord|mammals|rodents|hares|hare|white hare|2.0|white
chord|mammals|rodents|hares|hare|rabbit|1.2|black
chord|mammals|rodents|belilla|squirrel|squirrel plain|0.8|redhead
chord|mammals|predatory|feline|cat|siamese cat|1.5|black
chord|mammals|predatory|feline|cat|African golden cat|0.5|redhead
chord|mammals|predatory|feline|cat|Asian golden cat|11.9|white
chord|mammals|predatory|feline|cat|Black-footed cat|0.3|black
chord|mammals|predatory|canine|dog|Cockapoo|2.3|black
chord|mammals|predatory|canine|dog|Brittany|0.8|white-redhead
chord|mammals|predatory|canine|dog|Bulldog|1.3|white-redhead
tetst|tesr|gewgew|gew|gwe||32.0|tge
chord|mammals|rodents|hares|hare|white hare|2.0|whiten
chord|mammals|rodents|hares|hare|rabbit|1.2|blackn
chord|mammals|rodents|belilla|squirrel|squirrel plain|0.8|redheadn
chord|mammals|predatory|feline|cat|siamese cat|1.5|blackn
chord|mammals|predatory|feline|cat|African golden cat|0.5|redheadn
chord|mammals|predatory|feline|cat|Asian golden cat|11.9|whiten
chord|mammals|predatory|feline|cat|Black-footed cat|0.3|blackn
chord|mammals|predatory|canine|dog|Cockapoo|2.3|blackn
chord|mammals|predatory|canine|dog|Brittany|0.8|white-redheadn
chord|mammals|predatory|canine|dog|Bulldog|1.3|white-redheadn
tetst|tesr|gewgew|gew|gwe|gweg|32.0|tgen
chord|mammals|rodents|hares|hare|white hare|2.0|whiten
chord|mammals|rodents|hares|hare|rabbit|1.2|blackn
chord|mammals|rodents|belilla|squirrel|squirrel plain|0.8|redheadn
chord|mammals|predatory|feline|cat|siamese cat|1.5|blackn
chord|mammals|predatory|feline|cat|African golden cat|0.5|redheadn
chord|mammals|predatory|feline|cat|Asian golden cat|11.9|whiten
chord|mammals|predatory|feline|cat|Black-footed cat|0.3|blackn
chord|mammals|predatory|canine|dog|Cockapoo|2.3|blackn
chord|mammals|predatory|canine|dog|Brittany|0.8|white-redheadn
chord|mammals|predatory|canine|dog|Bulldog|1.3|white-redheadn
tetst|tesr|gewgew|gew|gwe|gweg|32.0|tgen
chord|mammals|rodents|hares|hare|white hare|2.0|whiten
chord|mammals|rodents|hares|hare|rabbit|1.2|blackn
chord|mammals|rodents|belilla|squirrel|squirrel plain|0.8|redheadn
chord|mammals|predatory|feline|cat|siamese cat|1.5|blackn
chord|mammals|predatory|feline|cat|African golden cat|0.5|redheadn
chord|mammals|predatory|feline|cat|Asian golden cat|11.9|whiten
chord|mammals|predatory|feline|cat|Black-footed cat|0.3|blackn
chord|mammals|predatory|canine|dog|Cockapoo|2.3|blackn
chord|mammals|predatory|canine|dog|Brittany|0.8|white-redheadn
